As you've walked through the different samples in this module,
you might have wondered,
do I really have to type so many commands to link up
multiple containers to each other? Obviously,
if you only have two or so containers,
it's not that big of a deal, but as you start adding more and more and more,
it starts to convolute things and definitely make it a little
bit more challenging to get those containers up and running and
all connected and communicating.
So the good news is there is an easier way.
If you do have the scenario where you have a web server and a database
and a caching server and more, then in the next module,
we're going to learn how we can apply all the different topics we've talked
about here and put those into something called Docker Compose.
And as you could see by their logo for Docker Compose,
it's good at juggling and really managing multiple
containers in a way that's really, really easy to work with.
And so the good news is while you might use some of the
commands that I showed throughout this module just to get up
one or two containers for sure, if you have requirements that say,
hey, we have, you know,
four or five containers maybe, or maybe even more, then it is
a lot easier to use this other tool that's part of the Docker
Toolbox called Docker Compose.
And so we're going to be covering that in the next module, something for you to look forward to.